[Music]
Sorry, well J told me it was
his, but because there are so many other kids,
there were some kids on the subway who
recognized me, and there were two boys and
two girls who were coming to look at me and
laugh. It's true that when they treat you
like you're a [ __ ] monkey at a fair, they
think that because they
recognized you, they can just stare at you like
that, on top of that, I got on the
subway, okay, I got on the subway like the I mean,
when the
subway door has a window, then when you
're in a tunnel, it's black and you see, I mean, it
's like a mirror, you see what's behind you,
and I was seeing the girls looking at me
up and down the whole time like that, and
it makes me want to say, man, do you
want to be a little polite
to Zara? Am I going to Zara to get
some drinks, Daniel? Am I going to
Zara? Sure, but I'm not going to
IKEA alone. How do I carry everything, I mean, how do I carry
IKEA stuff? You told me, don't
count, no, no, no How many times  you
told me yesterday no no no no no no no I'm not going to
go with you then I'm not going to
IKEA Okay then that's what I'm telling you then you
're I mean are you understanding me or not he's
fighting with him I don't see him on the phone maybe
what I want is alone
in the Max Tender area I asked him 20
times hey take me to Max Tender let's go
to IKEA to buy boxes what did he say chat were you
doing dude it's recorded no no no no no no I do
n't
have things to do tomorrow No no no no no no no no
no and now of course I'm even more
pissed off because of the kids on the subway
sometimes I feel like
turning around and saying dude who
are your parents because I'm going to
shitty education dude what day is it it does
n't occur to me to
look at someone who is less than
a meter away you know who I have here it doesn't
occur to me to act like a
real dude Oh I can't I swear there are dumber people
in the world I swear I feel like
saying everything on top of it  while I
heard him say to one of the girls that's that one that's that one
really
dumber people you know I understand that you look once
but I have you here to I mean it's that I
'm listening to you dad I'm
listening to you and yes the Pereira thing obviously did
n't suit me I took it as a joke what
about wow these chick's tits
I took it as a joke and all that eh but sometimes
I ah the viral Pereira clip ah eh
Sometimes I regret having taken it as a joke
too because in the end they
take you for a bit of a
police officer you know but oh well without further ado well that I mean
on the one hand that clip was
uploaded 100 years ago and a lot of new people
followed me but then you think about it And you say
what do I want to have rat children that
follow me you know like why do I want
rat children that follow me I prefer to have
fewer followers and have
quality followers the truth is what Pereira did was aunt
when I started on Twitch the
[ __ ] you do a bit when you
start in something that you don't know and well you
want  to make yourself known a little and
such So at that time Well of
course when I started on Twitch I lost it Well
because there weren't many girls
pandemic like well I went from having to see
that I already the first week already
Maybe I had 100 viewers which is
[ __ ] crazy but well that I started having
200 300 suddenly 1000 800 like then
well and I don't know how I ended up in one of
these discord calls that
the pandemic was having with Giorgio juanar Pereira and
the truth is that the one I was
talking to the most was georgio in that
discord call and with guar a little bit
Pereira too in a super quiet way such I don't know
what And when Well I say goodbye such I
get off the call and as I get off uh I
hear that apparently this Pereira
took it and said this lady's tits are not normal
the T How not the
comment dude I mean but what the [ __ ] hasn't he
seen tits I've never seen one of
Pereira's tits dude I mean why
Why does he hang up you hang up the call with  a
girl and says her tits are not normal Let's
see wait but yes you have to
see it, I mean how the [ __ ] Why wouldn't it
be normal in the tit What's
wrong with my favorite streams and we'll see each other
next time bye guys bye bye
Who are you going to host it doesn't make sense the
tits this guy has eh you I
'm live still late I'm not
live dude don't [ __ ] with me dude don't
[ __ ] with me tell me I haven't seen the chat
dude don't [ __ ] with me dude fate you what I
was watching eh guys Already rested
tomorrow you have classes tomorrow you have
fortnite I'll leave you with a great streamer
one of my favorite streamers and we'll
see each other next time bye guys bye
Who are you going to host it doesn't make sense the
tits this lady has eh you
I'm live still late I'm not
live theory or apparently he thought they
weren't live anymore and that
the la was over I mean georgio
had cut off or rather he was I'm going to
die eh Really
Fu he was on the whole call the whole
video call with her he was so
focused  on gonzaba's tits that
when gonzaba hung up and said goodbye
he didn't even connect that hanging up didn't
mean that they all hung up
live you know Oh live you know if I got
that trust me What are you saying Who are you
going to flirt with I mean he has a part of his
brain connected to the fact that they are live
Of course but he loses connection so much that he
lets out the comment that is in his
head dude it was a bean without more the
comment so well that and he got confused
because car armi uploaded it I don't know what
so I said let's see I have two ways
of taking this Either make her super
offended or take it for granted downplay it and
not create bad vibes I downplayed it and well no
well to not create
bad vibes And such But what happened Well
that to this day they keep telling me
about the [ __ ] shitty comment let me
explain So it's what I'm telling you what
happens well that in the end there are girls
who are Exactly the same as me like
sometimes they wear clothes or
such and but no they don't have the same bad
image that I have and those girls Do
collaborate with brands and  so then without
further ado I always say it and I will always
tell her that I with Gemita Well, I
will always be super grateful to her because she is
a girl who started out already being someone in
this world, no, that well, yes yes
yes she started out being someone yes no, well it was
your turn and it was your turn and
then she worked really hard
obviously but I mean being
who she was you know when she started in this
world she could not have
counted on me because on one side
well she was a nobody you know and when F
started on Twitch and she said to me to see if I
wanted to play with her and with other girls like
mongas and such Well, for me it was
super cool the truth Because at that
time I felt like a bit of an
outcast people didn't want to play
with me because I was the tits you know and I was
left with the tits the tits the tits and
then it happened to me many times that many
people have met me in person and it's
like wow but if you are a girl like I
say surprise that I can like you more
or less dude that I really will
buy it because in the end you like me
more or less  like it
happens to all of us you know there are people I mean one
person can really dislike me and another
person well that person is their best friend I mean
one thing doesn't take away from the other but
saying that I'm a girl that an
airhead that I am I don't know what like come on
guys you haven't stopped by the channel like
no you didn't stay for more than two
minutes to put tits and you're banned
And you're burned out and then the ones who also
insult me a lot are
frustrated streamers anyway streamers who
think that because I have a pair of
tits is the reason why they haven't
succeeded on Twitch come on you it's not
because you're more boring than a [ __ ]
hedge Uh how nice I was Ah it's
true it's true and then
streamers who are like a fool and then
when they see you they bow their heads they have given you a hard time they
called you a
prostitute and then we see each other at some
awards and she was a prostitute V go on anyway Well that's
it Who called her a prostitute
people dude who called her a prostitute and
then saw her at the awards prostitute
prostitute who called her
prostitute call her prostitute let's see
if it's some of those kids' things from these
games that's it now I
feel comfortable with Olivas No I'm not
speaking for Olivas and don't put things in my
mouth don't put things in my mouth that I haven't
said because I haven't referred to
anyone in particular and not with Javi Oliveira I have
never met in my life the truth is I've
never seen him So Well yes you feel
more comfortable But okay but let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see but
me Why why why did
that just happen right now here we were talking
about tits and things like that I mean I don't
understand why Suddenly the chat
says Olivas and she automatically
said that Olivas you made that
comment Jai I swear no how am I
going to make that comment I haven't had
time I can't yaam m with the
thing with the cameos and all that okay I mean it's over
okay This 2025 I eh I think would be
the first year in which we are going to try
not to sneak in absolutely  all the
gossip that we're seeing okay, I mean I
really think we should stop
appearing what do you think Because yes it's
literally in Lee eh the old man
from Marvel my don't put things in my mouth
that I haven't said because I haven't
referred to anyone in particular and not with
Javi Oliveira I have never met in my
life the truth is I've never seen her So
no, well yes you feel more comfortable than
Agustn without more and that you know what happens is that
in the end everyone or I mean when you
criticize or when you praise it would have been
good if she said that she didn't know
well either, let's see, I had
like a few videos and such with
her but I don't have any problem
with her, I mean I don't even remember what
we were arguing about, I think it was Chostos, not that Chostos
was very top for her and I
criticized Chostos and little else I mean not
even that I dislike Chostos
today or that I'm like
super against Chostos or anything like that you
know just someone or I mean you
give what you are you know if you alone
you have nice things to say it's because
you're a beautiful person it's because you're
a person that well I explain if you
only have [ __ ] to say in the
end the only thing you're doing is
taking your frustration out on one person with another
because because you feel like
[ __ ] or [ __ ] I don't care and it's like that there are
so many men you know why it
seems like all the men who see me have to be
jerks there are so many
men who see me that you are sweetheart that you
are sweetheart and that it has nothing to do
with tits you know Yeah it doesn't matter anymore
because whoever wants to understand understands and
whoever doesn't want to understand will never
understand so nap But anyway all
my anger comes from the [ __ ] kids on the
subway that I really really can't
stand the majority of young people don't know what
respect is not that when they're alone
obviously at most they look at you out of the corner of their
eye and that's it but but when
a few of them get together you know And the thing is that on
top of that I have the voice of the girl
look at that there is and looking at me from top to
bottom girl girl girl girl girl brat or
whatever it comes I just remembered dude
now that  I'm watching it
on the street with my cell phone that I haven't called, I have to
call the phone company
about the rooming, man, it's
completely gone, I have to do it, eh, I have to
do it tomorrow without fail, eh,
because I'm going to find myself without a
phone there in New York, but I
understand that Movistar won't have
problems in New York, right? It will be used. You
don't have any Movistar and you've gone to
New York, you already know in Thailand,
eh, they were supposed to put the ring on me, I don't
know what, I don't know how much and no, and when I
got there, it didn't work, and not only didn't it work,
but be careful if it
happens to you, okay, but I was getting
micro-cuts on the internet. From time to
time, they came to me with a bill that was almost 500
bucks, that
[Music]